industry watchers WardsAuto has put
together a list of their 10 best
interiors for 2013 with winners ranging
from high-end luxury sedans to
entry-level City commuters and we're
here to give you the inside scoop now in
its third year the 10 best interiors
list narrowed down 46 competitors with
these 10 all sharing top honors the
acura RDX for its balanced offerings in
both sporty and luxury feel and ample
cargo room the cadillac XTS one favor
with its cue infotainment system and
high levels of comfort and craftsmanship
chevrolet's mini car spark packed an
impressive list of standard features
into its quirky colorful cabin the new
Santa Fe sport from Hyundai was awarded
for its decidedly unique design and it's
nod toward higher end CU v's brand
relative Kia took honors for the new
Forte with WardsAuto commending its huge
improvements over last generation with
easier to use controls the lexus GS was
an easy winner for judges with its
attention to detail and unrivaled
comfort placing it well above other
luxury sedans especially in the 450h
trim fresh off a dramatic redesign the
Mazda 6 14 its upscale look and feel and
use of different tones throughout
Nissan's Pathfinder with its stylish new
body and more car-like interior took
honors for its roomy feel and easy
access to storage the ram 1500's
interior is also vastly improved with
the top laramie longhorn trim wowing
judges with its premium materials
throughout and lastly the toyota avalon
14 its advanced connectivity premium
build quality and attractive design and
that's the inside line for this week's
motor news
you